Lin Chenxi, you are so brave
How dare you touch my daughter's brother?
Pardon me?
I don't understand.
A light car accident is planned by you
She's my daughter.
He is my own daughter
Lin Chenxi, how do you chase him away?
I didn't know he was your daughter
I didn't even know he was going to be in a car accident
I just wanted to take him to you that day
His car accident was an accident
Accident, my people have already checked it out.
You found the trick driver
Prairie brother
Please, I'm just obsessed
I'm afraid you'll abandon me for money
I only have a short life, you know
I just want to be with you
Random brother
You see for the sake of me only having one life
But spare me this time